full_content = """
#slide1#
Welcome to today's lecture on "Basic Python for AI," where our focus is on why memorization truly matters in mastering Python for artificial intelligence applications. Python is a versatile and widely used programming language in AI due to its simplicity and powerful libraries. As learners, you need to build a solid foundation, and this begins with memorizing the core concepts and syntax. By doing so, you not only become faster at coding but also gain a deeper understanding, enabling you to develop more complex algorithms and solve AI challenges effectively. Throughout this course, we will emphasize essential Python elements that serve as building blocks for AI development. Remember, the knowledge you internalize today will be the toolset you use to innovate tomorrow.

#slide2#
Let's explore the core objectives of this course, which are divided into three fundamental areas: Data Representation, Conditions, and Functions. First, Data Representation concerns how we store and manipulate different types of information in Python. We deal with integers, floating-point numbers, strings for text, and Boolean values representing truth or falsehood, which are critical for decision-making in AI. Moving to Conditions, Python uses comparison operators like equal, not equal, greater than, and less than, which help control the program's flow based on logic. Notice the flowchart illustrating how if, elif, and else statements guide what code executes depending on conditions. Finally, Functions are reusable pieces of code. We will learn about built-in functions like print, type, and input, as well as how to define our own custom functions to organize code more efficiently. These building blocks are vital for writing clean, maintainable Python programs and are particularly important when scaling AI projects.

#slide3#
Delving deeper into Data Representation in Python, understanding how to assign values to variables is fundamental. A variable acts as a label for storing data, which can be an integer like 10, a floating-point number like 20.5, a string such as "Hello AI-VIET-NAM," or a Boolean like True. This slide shows you the syntax for this assignment: variable_name = variable_value. Notice the examples provided in comments; they explain each assignment clearly, reinforcing best coding practices like meaningful variable names. Why is this important? Because in AI, we often work with data—whether it's numerical values for training models or text for natural language processing—and knowing how to correctly represent and store these data types within your code is the first step towards effective programming.

#slide4#
Now, let's talk about some essential Python modules you’ll use regularly: Random and Math. These libraries extend Python's capabilities by providing functions for complex calculations and random number generation, crucial for AI algorithms such as simulations, probabilistic models, or mathematical computations. For example, the math module includes functions like fabs for absolute value, log for logarithms, sin and cos for trigonometric operations, exp for exponentiation, sqrt for square roots, and constants such as e and pi. Each code snippet on this slide demonstrates how to import the module and call its functions with arguments like the variable x. You can see the output beneath each snippet, which helps with validation. Mastery of these modules equips you with powerful tools for numerical operations, enhancing your ability to implement AI algorithms efficiently. Keep in mind, practicing these modules hands-on through demos will solidify your understanding.

"""